Name            : Sarad Mishra
Github Username : sm1729
Campus Email    : 077bel039.sarad@pcampus.edu.np
Personal Email  : sm1729@protonmail.com


Space Pilot 3000

On December 31, 1999, a pizza delivery guy named Philip J. Fry delivers a pizza to "Applied Cryogenics" in New York City 
only to discover that the order was actually a prank call. Dejected and demoralized, he stops in the deserted lab to eat 
the pizza while outside the whole world is getting ready to celebrate the beginning of New Year, while sitting on a chair. 
At midnight, Fry loses his balance on the chair and falls into an open cryonic tube and is frozen as it immediately 
activates. He is defrosted on Tuesday, December 31, 2999, in what is now New New York City. He is taken to a fate assignment 
officer named Leela, a purple-haired cyclops. To his misfortune, Fry is assigned the computer-determined permanent career 
of delivery boy, and flees into the city when Leela tries to implant Fry's career chip designating his job. He dodges an 
attack from Leela and she falls into the cryonic tube that Fry fell into one thousand years ago. The timer sets itself to 
one thousand years. Fry escapes from Leela but reduces the timer to five minutes so that she is not trapped for long.

While trying to track down his only living relative, Professor Farnsworth, Fry befriends a suicidal robot named Bender. As 
they talk at a bar, Fry learns that Bender too has deserted his job of bending girders for use in constructing suicide booths. 
Together, they evade Leela and hide in the Head Museum, where they encounter the preserved heads of historical figures. Fry 
and Bender eventually find themselves underground in the ruins of Old New York.

Leela finally catches Fry, who has become depressed that everyone that he knew and loved is dead and tells her that he 
will accept his career as a delivery boy. Leela sympathizes with Fry—she too is alone, and hates her job—so she quits 
and joins Fry and Bender as job deserters. The three track down Professor Farnsworth, founder of an intergalactic delivery 
company called Planet Express. With the help of Professor Farnsworth, the three evade the police by launching the Planet 
Express Ship at the stroke of midnight amid the New Year's fireworks. As the year 3000 begins, Farnsworth hires the three 
as the crew of his ship. Fry inquires at what his job is, and learns that he will be traveling into space as a delivery boy. 
Fry, ironically, cheers at his new job.